2.1.	Modules

           The system consists of following modules:


1.3.1.	User Management Module
Sub modules:
a-	User Access
b-	Viewing Offers 
c-	Getting Promo codes
d-	Startup’s Description
e-	Rating & Recommendation

User Access sub module is responsible for all users’ data. On visiting the website, User is asked whether they already have an account. If yes they go through sign in process giving credentials. If not it’s obligatory to sign up to get into website and its services.

Through Viewing Offers sub module User is able to access and view offers presented by startup Owners.

Promo codes are generated by startup owners, giving particular number of promo codes every day. Users click on “get promo code”. The generated promo code appears.

Startup’s Description section shows couple of lines describing the startup written by the startup owner, to give Users some extra details.

Rating sub module is divided into general startup rating and CloudRating. User chooses rating on 5 cloud icons representing 5-cloud-rating. General rating is based on users CloudRating versus number of reviews. If user enjoys a startup, he can recommend it using Recommend-star button.







1.3.2.	Owner Management Module
Sub modules:
a- Owner Access
b- Giving Offers & Promo codes
c- Profile View & Update

Owner Access sub module is similar to that of user concerning the obligation of having an account. On signing up, Owner should enter some information about startup like: name of startup, description, location, type of service, working hours, also username and password.

Offers & Promo codes sub module is subjected to generating promo codes & offers by the owner of each startup.

Profile View & Update sub module is responsible for viewing startup contents and information. Owner can update images to his startup. 


1.3.3.	Feedback Module
This module is responsible for gaining users’ reviews after dealing with startups. User gives feedback about certain service criteria example: quality, prices, etc. Then User is allowed to give his own words of feedback. Previous feedbacks appear and new ones are generated. 

